Word Finder Challenge: Unleash the Word Warrior Within!

Greetings, coding champions! Brace yourselves for the Word Finder challenge, where only the mightiest code crafters will triumph in the realm of word-wielding wizardry. Your quest, should you accept it, is to conjure a code spell that conquers the with unparalleled prowess.

Mission Overview: Your mission is to write some code that will find all of the words within a board of letters.  The board will be passed to you as a string.

E.g The input string EATE\nLXRR\nARTR\nITSE\n would represent the 4x4 board

E A T E
L X R R
A R T R
I  T S E

The board can be in any shape, spaces may be used to denote an empty square.  You can assume the board will have no more than 40 letter characters, and there will be no more than 8 characters on a row or column.

You should find all of the words within the board using the following rules:

Words must be at least three letters in length.
Each word can start at any letter in the board - every letter after the first must be a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal neighbor of the one before it.
No individual letter square may be used more than once in a word.
Your solution should be case-insensitive.  I.e. case (uppercase vs lowercase) doesn't matter when looking for words in the board.

Examples of words that can be found in the board above:

- art
- later
- extraterrestrial

You can use your own dictionary of words for your own testing purposes.  In addition to the letters board, your solution will also be passed a list of words which your solution will use as a word dictionary to determine whether something is a valid word.

Hints:
For a high performance solution, trie to research a data structure that will make dictionary lookups fast.
Put as much logic as possible in the set up part of your code e.g. constructor.

Guidelines for Glory:
Solutions will be judged on the following criteria
Functionally correct - will pass basic tests.
There will be bonus marks for high performance.
Code quality is also important:
Readability
Modularity / use of functions
Good naming of variables / methods etc
You should fully test your solution.  Unit tests are recommended, but these will not form part of your submission.
You are not expected or advised to work outside your normal working hours on this challenge.
Your solution should be your own work.  You are free to share ideas with your fellow consultants - but all code should be your own.  Don't use AI to build a solution for you.  Solutions generated by ChatGPT and the like will be sub-optimal and easily recognised and will be excluded.  Don't even use an AI solution as a starting point.

Next steps:
Specify your programming language in question 1 - this will direct you to details about what your solution should look like (method names etc).
Write your solution in one file in an available IDE of your choice
Test
Copy code into a word file.  Upload this word file into the second question of the form.   You can edit your solution after submitting if required.
Have fun


While this code challenge accepts solutions in MS Word format - this is just for competition purposes.  Submitting code in a word document is not a standard way of submitting code for our Clients.  I.e. in a client assignment you should always follow their guidelines for submitting code to repositories, e.g. using their Git repository.

1.Language

Java

C#

Python
2.Enter your Java Solution here

Use the stub below to write your solution. Do not modify method or constructor signatures.

import java.util.List;
import java.util.Set;

public class WordFinder {

  public WordFinder(List<String> wordlist) {

  }

  public Set<String> findWords(String board) {

    return null;
  }

}